Volto handson post training fixes (#569)
plone/training: docs/voltohandson/introtoblocks.md

## Register Block Files in index

> To help keeping paths for importing components clean we use index files in several places in Volto projects. You can find a `index.js` under `src/components/`. In there we directly export the Block components directly from there respective files. This is to make it easier to import components in other places in the project, without having to remember all their paths.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To keep paths for importing components clean, we use index files in several places in Volto projects.
You can find an `index.js` under `src/components/`.
In there we directly export the Block components directly from their respective files.
This is to make it easier to import components in other places in the project without having to remember all their paths.
```

`components/index.js`

```js
export MainSliderViewBlock from "./Blocks/Mainslider/View";
export MainSliderEditBlock from "./Blocks/Mainslider/Edit";
```

## Blocks settings

> We need to configure the project to make it aware of a new block by adding it to the object configuration for that we need the 2 blocks components we created and a svg icon that will be displayed in the blocks chooser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We need to configure the project to make it aware of a new block by adding it to the object configuration.
For that we need the two block components we created and an SVG icon that will be displayed in the blocks chooser.
```
